


Record date: 2074-10-08



	CARDIOLOGY

	

	COLLINGSWORTH GENERAL HOSPITAL

	



	Reason for visit:

   Pt is seen @ r/o Dr Quintana in ER obs unit - in o/n with chest pain



	Interval History:

   He has had angioplasty of the circumflex vessel and angioplasty and stenting of a diagonal branch of his LAD, both in May 2071. A relook in February 2072 revealed that the stent was patent.



His sx with original stenting were chest presure and burning



He has now come to ER with brief unprovoked stabs of L high lateral point pain w no associated sx occurring repeatedly over several hours w NO other relevant hx. The pain seemed to improve with local massage







	Family history:

   He has one sister living in St. John's who has diabetes. Both his parents had diabetes as well. They are both deceased



	Social history:

   He is now fully retired from quarrying. He is married and lives with his wife.  



Physical examination:

	

-resp. rate: 16  

-General:   No acute distress.

-Skin:   No rashes, anicteric.

-Heent:   Unremarkable

-Neck:   Carotids 2+ without bruits. JVP no jugular venous distention.

-Chest:   Clear to auscultation and percussion.

-Cardiac:   Left ventricular impulse discrete and nondisplaced. Regular rate and rhythm, normal S1 and S2, with no S3 or S4. There was a 2/6 systolic murmur of MR

-Abdomen:   Normal bowel sounds, soft and nontender, with no hepatosplenomegaly or masses appreciated.

-Extremities:   No cyanosis, clubbing or edema. 2+ femoral pulses without bruits. 2+ pedal pulses.

-BP: 130/75  



	EKG:

   NSR and WNL



Selected recent labs:

	 Cardiac enzymes

Date     CK       CK-MB    CKMBRI   TROP-I   TROP-T   

10/08/74 63       2.3                        <0.01    

10/07/74                            NEGATIVE          





	



	Assessment and plan:

   He has presented with very atypical chest pain with negative markers and unchanged ECG. Thjis is chest wall pain - not cardiac. It is clearly - in pt's view and mine - different from the pain of his CAD. He is OK to go home with dx of chest wall pain. OK to use Ibuprofen prn - should be ok in low dose on full stomach despite his h/o dyspepsia. F/u w Dr Cook.



	Signed electronically by   Bob D Kirkpatrick MD  on  Oct 8, 2074     





