


Record date: 2092-12-15

NAME:    Wilson, Gabriel
MRN:       8514931

The patient is a 71-year-old woman who comes in for follow up. She has been having
symptoms of ataxia which are difficult to understand in the sense that I cannot get a
clear history of her symptoms. At times she reports that she feels dizzy as if she might
fall over to her right side. There is no associated vertigo, dysarthria or other
symptoms. She has not actually had syncope. There is no positional component to her
symptoms. I had scheduled her for an MRA/MRI to evaluate those symptoms. The
MRI does show some small microvascular changes in the coronal radiata, centrum
ovale and bilateral pontine region. She had small chronic lacunar infarcts. She reports
that she falls to the right, but the stroke seemed to be more on the right brain which
would not necessarily correlate with her symptoms. She had some left internal carotid
mild 30% proximal stenosis. Her vertebral arteries were patent with anti-grade flow.  

PHYSICAL EXAM:  Small lacunar infarcts. Most likely related to hypertension rather
than embolic disease. Her blood pressure has been very well controlled. In fact, today
on exam, her blood pressure was 100/60. She brought her medications with her and
has been taking atenolol 50 mg p.o. q.d., Cozaar 50 mg 1 tab twice a day and
hydrochlorothiazide 12.5 mg p.o. q.d. She had not taken her medications today and
her blood pressure here when I repeated it was 110/70 in the right arm and 120/70 in
the left. Her neck is supple without JVD or bruits. Her lungs are clear without
wheezes, rales or rhonchi. Her cardiac exam shows a regular rate and rhythm, normal
S1, S2. 
       
ASSESSMENT AND PLAN:   History of hypertension. Now with lower blood
pressure and some lightheadedness. We will d/c her atenolol. I would like her to get a
repeat blood pressure in one week. I discussed her MRI/MRA findings with her.
Long term we will need to continue to try and optimize her cholesterol levels and her
diabetes. She will follow up in one week for a repeat blood pressure.
    

Julie Fraser, M.D.

JF/crane/powell



