


Record date: 2062-11-19







FERRARA, LAUREN

48185437

11/19/2062





HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  Ms. Ferrara returns for followup visit.  She is now approximately one month out from a redo left popliteal to peroneal artery bypass graft using a basilic vein from right arm.  Postoperatively, she did well, although she was very sensitive to pain medication in the hospital and it was difficult to get her moving.  She complains of persistent weakness and numbness in her right hand and some pain shooting into her right forearm.  According to the patient, this was present early during her hospitalization, but because of other issues, it was not paid very much attention.  She denies any significant pain in the leg.



PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  On examination today, she appears generally well.  The right arm harvest site is healed well and the upper arm is soft without any evidence of hematoma, whatsoever.  The hand is warm and well perfused with intact distal pulses; however, she clearly has weakness of flexion of the first and second digits and some weakness of opposition.  She appears to have intact ulnar and radial function.  The lower extremity incision has also healed well and there is a strong Doppler signal over the peroneal artery at the ankle.  The foot is warm and well perfused and the previous ischemic lesion on the big toe is healing.  She had a followup graft scan today, which revealed her bypass graft to be patent with no evidence of significant narrowing.  The ankle index was measured at 0.88 on the left and 0.64 on the right.



ASSESSMENT AND PLAN:  Ms. Ferrara lower extremity circulation is stable and her bypass graft is functioning nicely.  Unfortunately, she appears to have had some neuropathic complication in her right arm that may have been related to her vein harvest surgery.  The exam suggests some possible partial comprise of median nerve function.  In any case, she is able to function reasonably well and a course of occupational therapy may improve things.  There is no evidence of compression from hematoma and no evidence of infection.  We will continue to follow her closely with a return visit scheduled in six weeks and a course of therapy was prescribed.







Ricardo Jacob Updyke, MD













